[DOCS] Clarify use of multiple subjects in ACLs and their logical evaluation (#1454)
authelia/authelia: docs/configuration/access-control.md

uniquely identified by `developers`, the subject should be `group:developers`. Similar to resources
and domains you can define multiple subjects in a single rule.

If you want a combination of subjects to be matched at once using a logical `AND`, you can
specify a nested list of subjects like `- ["group:developers", "group:admins"]`.
In summary, the first list level of subjects are evaluated using a logical `OR`, whereas the
second level by a logical `AND`. The last example below reads as: the group is `dev` AND the

> user's name is `john` OR the group is `admins`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
username is `john` OR the group is `admins`.
```
